GPG Keychain 1.2 Final - Release Notes
========================================


Features
--------

### Create revocation certificate for every new key
* Before when you lost a secret key or forgot the passphrase for it, you had to make sure to have a revocation certificate, to at least inform others that this key is no longer to be used. From our experience however we know, that not many people are creating a revocation certificate in time. And you shouldn't have to. That's why we now create a revocation certificate for you whenever you create a new key in GPG Keychain! [#244]

### Send public key by mail
* This is one of the more popular feature requests we had in the pipe: You can now send your public key by mail by selecting "Key > Mail pub key" from the menu bar (⇧⌘M). This is possible for your own public keys or also for other public keys in your keychain. A new mail in Mail.app will open and we've added a nice template text to explain what a public key acutally is and how to get started using OpenPGP if your friends are not familiar with it. [#86]

### Sanity check for new key servers
* When entering a new key server in the key server preferences, we now run a check to see if the key server is properly working, so users don't end up with a broken key server. [#150]

### Warning message before revoking a key
* Revocation certificates should never be imported without informing the user about the consequences. So before you can revoke your key we now show a message that explains any implications. [#165]

### Removed option to create 1024bit keys
* 1024bit keys are no longer considered secure, so we removed that option. [#264]

Bugfixes
--------

* Selecting many keys for cleaning operation occasionally resulted in a crash. [#193]
* Clicking on cancel in the progress indicator caused a crash. [#191]
* Potential crash on key import from key server. [#227]
* Crash specific to OS X 10.7 when opening GPG Keychain. [#279]
* Potential crash when adding a User ID. [#274]
* Endless loop when revoking a key. [#273]
* Crash on key creation. [#240]
* Crash when changing ownertrust. [#212]
* Crash on several occasions in NSKeyValueCoding. [#340]
* Key on smartcard wasn't detected by GPG Keychain. [#216]
* Instead of crashing an error message is displayed when SSH keys are imported (which are not supported). [#210, #255]
* Allow creation of subkeys with specific capabilities and honor RSA sign only key. [#148]
* Show keyIDs of own keys when signing. [#192]
* Malloc error when entering ldap key server URL. [#228]
* Double entry for GPG Keychain under System Preferences > Security > Privacy > Contacts due to change in identifier. [#196]
* Export of pub key does not show suffix although option to hide suffix is inactive. [#225]
* Search for german umlaute was broken. [#217]
* Creating sign-only keys didn't work. [#152]
* Display details when showing an unknown error. [#341]
* Key servers entered by users where not stored in the key server list. [#292]
* Entering an invalid keyserver value with newlines caused a crash. [#299]
* When trying to delete all keys, only secret keys were deleted but public keys remained. [#283]
* Revoking a signature was broken. [#285]
* If you are a gamer and had high APM, toggeling the filters fast enough would not change sorting but open the selected key. [#294]
* No longer gets stuck after a users removes all algorithms except "none". [321]
* Better error message when opening encrypted files with GPG Keychain instead of GPGServices. [#224]
* Better default naming for exported keys: If more than one key is exported, GPG Keychain now uses "YEAR-MM-DD" and shows the number of exported keys. [#300]
* Keep primary UserID after adding new UserID. [#172]
* Better info message in Key > Sign dialog. [#207]
* Display warning before deleting last self-signature. [#102]
* When creating a new key, we auto-fill the fields with data from your address book entry. [#70]
* Key inspector window should not stay visible when GPG Keychain is in the background. [#215]
* Allow drag and dropping a .jpg into the Key Inspector > Photo tab... [#182]
* Show spinner if loading photos takes more than 2 seconds. [#181]
* Allow searching for fingerprints using human readable format (i.e. with spaces). [#204]
* Add a toolbar button for key search/retrieval. [#221]
* Keep position of key list after deleting a key and don't jump back to the top. [#177]
* Removed Undo / Redo from Edit Menu until this feature is properly implemented. [#309]
* Show validity column in default view for main window. Many users where wondering why keys where unusable. This will help indicating what is going on. [#122]
* Column sorting using the validity column now follows validity status instead of the alphabet of the validity state. [#241]
* Fingerprint was displayed with too many spaces. [#208]
* Key Inspector User ID tab: the signature column and created date were too narrow. [#97, #201]
* Show warning if pinentry crashes during key creating instead of just sitting idle. [#200]
* New warning: when the only subkey of a key is about to be deleted, we now display an informative warning. [#103]
* No longer display the comment column in the key list. [#271]
* Limit long error messages so they don't go offscreen. [#170, #252]
* Button too narrow for german translation in new key dialog. [#253]
* Key inspector for UI improvements for german translation. [#114]
* Resize text-fields to fit content. Really long names where not properly shortened. [#220]
* Better error message if damaged gpg.conf is detected. [#149]
* Don't show revoked keys in search results from key servers. If you want to see revoked keys for your key search you can enable that option under Preferences > Key server. [#262]
* Improve naming of key search options to clarify where the search is done (local search vs search on key servers). [#265]
* When updating keys, progress sheet listed User IDs without line breaks. [#226]
* Incorrect progress sheet message when changing expiration date of a key. [#214]
* When main window is maximized, instead of expanding the key inspector (key details) to the side, they now show in a separate window on top. [#236]
* Hide "Algorithm Preferences" by default. They still exists but are now an [expert setting](http://support.gpgtools.org/kb/gpg-keychain-faq/activate-gpg-keychain-expert-settings). [#311]
* Improved naming and reordered a few menu bar items.
* New keys did not appear in key list when one tried to signed another key. [#303]
* Proper sorting ignoring capitalization: why did we differentiate between capitalization and small letters in the first place? [#302]
* When changing the primary UserID the key list no longer loses focus of the selected key. [#304]
* Properly display important dialog windows on small screens, which might have previously been hidden by the key details window. [#307]
* Properly display UTF-8 characters when looking at UserIDs. [#320]
* Minor fix in german translation for Key ID. [#275]