GPGKeychain 1.2b5 - Release Notes
==================================

Features
--------

### Safety net in case of lost keys or forgotten passphrases
*    When generating a revocation certificate, GPG Keychain now stores a local copy. [#317]

### Better default naming for exported keys
*	If more than one key is exported, GPG Keychain now uses "YEAR-MM-DD" and shows the number of exported keys. [#300]

Bugfixes
--------
*    FIX: If you are a gamer and had high APM, toggeling the filters fast enough would not change sorting but open the selected key. [#294]
*	FIX: No longer get stuck after a users removes all algorithms except "none". [321]
*    UI: An error is displayed if a public key without self-signature is within the key results. Not anymore! [#174]
*    UI: Removed Algorithm Preferences. They still exists but are now an [expert setting](http://support.gpgtools.org/kb/gpg-keychain-faq/activate-gpg-keychain-expert-settings). [#311]
*    UI: Improved naming and reordered a few menu items.
*	 UI: New keys did not appear in key list when signing another key. Now you no longer have to restart GPG Keychain to make them show up. [303]
*	 UI: Better sorting! Why did we differentiate between capitalization and small letters in the first place? [#302]
*	  UI: When changing the primary UserID GPG Keychain no longer loses focus of the selected key. [#304]
*	  UI: When you are using very small screens, key details could have been hiding important dialogues. [#307]
*	  UI: We think that even odd characters like "ß" should be displayed correctly when looking at UserIDs. [320]