GPG Keychain 1.2b1 - Release Notes
========================================


Features
--------

### Create revocation certificate for every new key
* The worst user experience in OpenPGP-land is, when you forget your passphrase or loose your secret key and do not have a backup to recover or a revocation certificate. You are stuck with an unusable key that cannot be revoked. Not any longer. For any new key created with GPG Keychain we now create a revocation certificate. So if you ever run into a dead end and are stuck you can still revoke the key in question. So much UX win! [#244]

### Send public key by mail
* This is one of the more popular feature requests we had in the pipe: You can now send your public key by mail by selecting "Key > Mail pub key" from the menu bar (⇧⌘M). This is possible for your own public keys or also for other public keys in your keychain. A new mail in mail.app will open and we've added a nice template text to explain what a public key acutally is and how to get started in OpenPGP if your friends are not familiar. [#86]

### Sanity check for new key servers
* Any address entered in the key server preferences is now checked for functionality. This way we ensure the address is working and users don't end up with broken gpg.conf files due to wrong key server addresses. [#150]

### Warning message before revoking a key
* Revocation certificates should never be imported without informing the user about the consequences. So before you can revoke your key we now show a message that explains all implications. [#165]

### Removed option to create 1024bit keys
* 1024bit keys are no longer considered secure, so we removed that option. [#264]

Bugfixes
--------

*  Fix: selecting many keys for cleaning operation occasionally resulted in a crash. [#193]
*  Fix:  Clicking on cancel in the progress indicator caused a crash. [#191]
*  Fix: Crash on key import from key server. [#227]
*  Fix: Crash specific to OS X 10.7 when opening GPG Keychain. [#279]
*  Fix: Crash when adding User ID. [#274]
*  Fix: Endless loop when revoking a key. [#273]
*  Fix: Crash on key creation. [#240]
*  Fix: Crash when changing ownertrust. [#212]
*  Smartcard: Key on smartcard wasn't detected by GPG Keychain. [#216]
*  Fix: Instead of crashing an error message is displayed when SSH keys are imported (which are not supported). [#210, #255]
*  Fix: Allow creation of subkeys with specific capabilities and honor RSA sign only key. [#148]
*  Fix: Show keyIDs of own keys when signing. [#192]
*  Fix: Malloc error when entering ldap key server URL. [#228]
*  Fix: double entry for GPG Keychain under System Preferences > Security > Privacy > Contacts due to change in identifier. [#196]
*  Fix: Export of pub key does not show suffix although option to hide suffix is inactive. [#225]
*  Fix: Search for german umlaute was broken. [#217]
*  Fix: creating of Sign-only keys was broken. [#152]
*  Fix: present a message that no key matching the search string was found instead of acting up in the console. [#169]
*  UX: Better error message when opening encrypted files with GPG Keychain instead of GPGServices. [#224]
*  UX: Keep primary UserID after adding new UserID. [#172]
*  UX: Better info message in Key > Sign dialog. [#207]
*  UX: Display warning before deleting last self-signature. [#102]
*  UX: When creating a new key, we auto-fill the fields with data from your address book entry. [#70]
*  UX: Key inspector window should not stay visible when GPG Keychain is in background. [#215]
*  UX: Allow drag and dropping a .jpg into the Key Inspector > Foto tab... [#182]
*  ... and show spinner if loading Fotos takes more than 2 seconds (some for signatures). [#181]
*  UX: Select only one key in search results. [#135]
*  UX: Allow searching for fingerprints using human readable format (i.e. with spaces). [#204]
*  UI: Add a toolbar button for key search/retrieval. [#221]
*  UI: Keep place in key list after deleting a key and not jump back to the top. [#177]
*  UI: Show validity column in default view for main window. Many users where wondering why keys where unusable. This will help, indicating what is going on. [#122]
*  UI: Column sorting using the validity column now follows validity status instead of the alphabet of the validity state. [#241]
*  UI: Fingerprint was displayed with too many spaces. [#208]
*  UI: Key Inspector User ID tab: the signature column and created date were too narrow. [#97, #201]
*  UI: Show warning if pinentry crashes during key creating instead of just sitting idle. [#200]
*  UI: New warning: when the only Subkey of a key is deleted, we now display an informative warning. [#103]
*  UI: default view for main window streamlined: the comment column is no longer displayed. [#271]
*  UI: Limit long error messages so they don't go offscreen. [#170, #252]
*  UI: button too narrow for german l10n in new key dialog. [#253]
*  UI: key inspector: german l10n improved. [#114]
*  UI: Resize text-fields to fit content. Really long names where not throttled. [#220]
*  UI: better error message for damaged gpg.conf. [149]
*  UI: No revoked keys in search results. By default we do not show revoke keys in the search results. If you want to see revoke keys for your key search you can enable that option under Preferences > Key server. [#262]
*  UI: Improve naming of key search options to clarify where the search is done (local search vs search on key servers). [#265]
*  UI: When updating keys, progress sheet listed User IDs without line breaks. [#226]
*  UI: incorrect progress sheet message when changing expiration date of a key. [#214]
*  UI: when main window is maximized, instead of expanding the key inspector (key details) to the side, they now show in a separate window on top, so they are actually visible. [#236]
*  t10n: minor fix in german translation for Key ID. [#275]